DDS-1295 [Breadcrumb] Retouching (#104)
dsv-rp/DDS: .changeset/long-cats-visit.md

---
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": minor
---

> **BREAKING CHANGE** Breadcrumb: The `trailingSlash` and `overflow` attributes have been removed. (DDS-1642)
> **BREAKING CHANGE** Breadcrumb Item: The `trailingSlash` attribute has been removed. (DDS-1642)
> **BREAKING CHANGE** Breadcrumb Item: The `ellipsis` value of the `variant` attribute has been removed. In addition, the `current` value has been added. (DDS-1642)
> Breadcrumb: The `showVisited` attribute has been added. (DDS-1642)
> Breadcrumb: Updated appearance. (DDS-1642)
> Breadcrumb Item: The `showVisited` attribute has been added. (DDS-1642)
> Breadcrumb Item: Updated appearance. (DDS-1642)

Reviewer: The attributes are kebab case. Camel case is used for the properties.

```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE** Breadcrumb: The `trailing-slash` and `overflow` attributes have been removed. (DDS-1642)
**BREAKING CHANGE** Breadcrumb Item: The `trailing-slash` attribute has been removed. (DDS-1642)
**BREAKING CHANGE** Breadcrumb Item: The `ellipsis` value of the `variant` attribute has been removed. In addition, the `current` value has been added. (DDS-1642)
Breadcrumb: The `show-visited` attribute has been added. (DDS-1642)
Breadcrumb: Updated appearance. (DDS-1642)
Breadcrumb Item: The `show-visited` attribute has been added. (DDS-1642)
Breadcrumb Item: Updated appearance. (DDS-1642)
```
